{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green118\blue174;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c54118\c73725;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa210\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Welcome to Lab 5 in INFO 154/254! In this lab, you will get a chance to use and apply all the concepts you have learnt so far. This is also a very good opportunity to practise problem solving in a competitive setting. You will also have a chance to experience first hand the problems data scientists can face while dealing with a dataset.\
The dataset we have chosen contains information on black friday sales. The original dataset can be found\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/mehdidag/black-friday"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 here}}.\
Your task is to predict the primary category (\'a0Product_Category_1\'a0) based on other features.\
Feel free to play around with the data as much as you want. Explore it. Create new features. Drop unnecessary features. Slice and dice, aggregate, drill up and drill down.\
For this lab, you need to submit your code via Kaggle as well as bCourses. There should be only one submission per team (on both Kaggle and bCourses). The deliverables include:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write-up: A brief description of the approach you used to solve the problems. Submit this on bCourses. Be brief but include all that is important. What was the data like? How did you explore it? How did you transform it? Which models did you use and why? What were your results? Make sure to include your team members' names as well as your Kaggle team name. You can find a template linked on bCourses.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Code: Include any notebooks or scripts you used in your solution. Submit as a zipped file on bCourses.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kaggle Submission: Submit your results to Kaggle for automatic scoring.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Note that this lab is worth twice as much as the regular labs. You have the opportunity to score 20 points instead of 10.\
}